//PROBLEM STATEMENT-

Given an integer array. The task is to find the maximum of the minimum of every window size in the array.
Note: Window size varies from 1 to the size of the Array.

Example 1:

Input:
N = 7
arr[] = {10,20,30,50,10,70,30}
Output: 70 30 20 10 10 10 10 
Explanation: First element in output
indicates maximum of minimums of all
windows of size 1. Minimums of windows
of size 1 are {10}, {20}, {30}, {50},
{10}, {70} and {30}. Maximum of these
minimums is 70. 
Second element in output indicates
maximum of minimums of all windows of
size 2. Minimums of windows of size 2
are {10}, {20}, {30}, {10}, {10}, and
{30}. Maximum of these minimums is 30 
Third element in output indicates
maximum of minimums of all windows of
size 3. Minimums of windows of size 3
are {10}, {20}, {10}, {10} and {10}.
Maximum of these minimums is 20. 
Similarly other elements of output are
computed.
Example 2:

Input:
N = 3
arr[] = {10,20,30}
Output: 30 20 10
Explanation: First element in output
indicates maximum of minimums of all
windows of size 1.Minimums of windows
of size 1 are {10} , {20} , {30}.
Maximum of these minimums are 30 and
similarly other outputs can be computed

//SOURCE CODE-

